Create  AWS supported database guide for Scalar DB/Scalar DL manual deployment guides (#171)
scalar-labs/scalar-kubernetes: docs/SetupDatabaseForAWS.md

# Set up a database for Scalar DB/Scalar DL deployment on AWS

This guide explains how to set up a database for Scalar DB/Scalar DL deployment on AWS.

## DynamoDB

By default, Amazon DynamoDB is available for all AWS users. You do not need to set up anything manually.

### Steps

> * For configuring DynamoDB properties like autoscale, Read and WriteRequest Unit,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For configuring DynamoDB properties like autoscale, Read and Write Request Unit,
```

> * For configuring DynamoDB properties like autoscale, Read and WriteRequest Unit,

Author: Yes, we have to create the schema first.
I have updated this section.
Thank you for the suggestion.

> Scalar schema loader [helm charts](https://github.com/scalar-labs/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/schema-loading) will help you to configure DynamoDB.

Reviewer: Is it possible to create the schema for Scalar DB deployment?
I think it is possible to create a Scalar DL schema.

For Scalar DB, we need to use [Scalar DB Releases](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/releases) or something

Author: Thank you.
I will update it more clearly for both scalar DB and DL.

>   * For Scalar DL, [Scalar DL schema loader](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardl-schema-loader) or the Scalar DL schema loader [helm charts](https://github.com/scalar-labs/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/schema-loading) will help you to configure properties like autoscale, Read and WriteRequest Unit for DynamoDB tables.

Author: Thank you for the suggestion. I have updated it.

> WARNING:

Reviewer: Is it a warning?

Author: It was from the existing document. I will update this section.
Thank you.

>   * For Scalar DB, [Scalar DB schema loader](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/tree/master/schema-loader/) will help you to configure properties like autoscale, Read and WriteRequest Unit for DynamoDB tables.

Author: I have updated this section.
Thank you for the suggestion.

> * Scalar schema loader sets the same value to both Read and Write Request Units.

Reviewer: Sorry, I am not sure about the term `Scalar schema loader`

Author: It is Scalar DL schema loader. I will update it more clearly.
Thank you.

> * (Optional) You can scale the throughput of DynamoDB by setting the `dynamoBaseResourceUnit` value (which applies to all the tables) in the `schema-loading-custom-values.yaml` file.

Author: The option is available for both scalar DB/DL schema loaders (there is a --ru option for dynamodb and cosmos db).
But it may cause a bit of confusion since it is specific for scalar DL kubernetes deployment. So I have removed it.

Note:-

> * Scalar DL schema loader sets the same value to both Read and Write Request Units (The default Read and Write Request Unit is 10).

Reviewer: What about the Scalar DB schema loader?

Author: Yes, it is applicable for scalar DB also.
I have updated the same for scalar DB also.

> * By default, the `Scalar DL schema loader` enables auto-scaling of RU for all tables: RU is scaled in or out between 10% and 100% of a specified RU depending on a workload.

Reviewer: ditto

Author: I have updated the same for scalar DB also.
